If the stinky security guard wants to die, stay where it is cool
Don't touch our Mr. Huang
I thought he was my girlfriend
Do you have a girlfriend in this dog skin?
Scolding you will dirty my mouth.
Someone will chop it up and send it to the free media.
Damn it's true
80 million yuan upon arrival
Of course it's true.
Let's do it
Break your leg and throw it out
Qingqing, why are you so angry?
Mr. Wang
What is your name, Mr. Wang?
Your company can't pay me back today.
You're going to marry me?
Called Baby Wang Kais
Xu Tao
Mr. Wang, you know hahaha.
His father used to work as a security guard in my company
For a lifetime
Tell me when you leave
His son got into college.
There will be future
I didn't expect to change a company to be a security guard
Security is home
It's a pity that this company is the same as Qingqing
All belong to us
You are just like your father
Carry the guard dog for a lifetime
Mr. Wang owes you money, I will find a way
OK, then you can think of a way now.
I'll give you a minute.
Or pay back the money
Why don't you get married with me?
Hahaha in and out